Feat/contrib changes (#13594)
tauri-apps/tauri: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

First, [join our Discord server](https://discord.gg/SpmNs4S) and let us know that you want to contribute. This way we can point you in the right direction and help ensure your contribution will be as helpful as possible.

To set up your machine for development, follow the [Tauri setup guide](https://v2.tauri.app/start/prerequisites/) to get all the tools you need to develop Tauri apps. The only additional tool you may need is [PNPM](https://pnpm.io/), it is only required if you are developing the Node CLI or API packages (`packages/cli` and `packages/api`).

> Next, [fork](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo) and clone [repository](https://github.com/tauri-apps) you want to contribute to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, [fork](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo) and clone the [repository](https://github.com/tauri-apps) you want to contribute to.
```

See [Architecture](../ARCHITECTURE.md#major-components) for an overview of the packages in this repository.

### Developing Tauri Core and Related Components (Rust API, Macros, Codegen, and Utils)

The code for the Rust crates, including the Core, Macros, Utils, WRY runtime, and a few more are located in the [main Tauri repository](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/tree/dev/crates).

The easiest way to test your changes is to use the [helloworld](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/tree/dev/examples/helloworld) example app. It automatically rebuilds and uses your local copy of the Tauri core packages. Just run `cargo run --example helloworld` after making changes to test them out.

To test local changes against your own application simply point the Tauri create to your local repository. In `src-tauri/Cargo.toml` file change:

`tauri = { version = "2.1.1" }`

to:

`tauri = { path = "path/to/local/tauri/crates/tauri" }`

> If any other creates depend on Tauri you will have to point them to the local repo as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any other crates depend on Tauri you will have to point them to the local repo as well.
```

### Developing Tauri Bundler and Rust CLI

> The code for the bundler is located in [bundler crate](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/tree/dev/crates/tauri-bundler), and the code for the Rust CLI is located in [tauri-cli](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/tree/dev/crates/tauri-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code for the bundler is located in the [bundler crate](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/tree/dev/crates/tauri-bundler), and the code for the Rust CLI is located in [tauri-cli](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/tree/dev/crates/tauri-cli).
```
either this (which still sounds incorrect i think) or something like this
```suggestion
The code for the bundler is located in [crates/tauri-bundler](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/tree/dev/crates/tauri-bundler), and the code for the Rust CLI is located in [crates/tauri-cli](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/tree/dev/crates/tauri-cli).
```

> Running `cargo install --path .` in the Rust CLI directory will allow you to run `cargo tauri build` and `cargo tauri dev` anywhere, using the updated copy of the bundler and cli. You will have to run this command each time you make a change in either package.

Reviewer: is it worth to also mention the --debug build for faster test builds? 🤔

Reviewer 2: I have being using `cargo run --package tauri-cli -- dev` the whole time, feel like that might be easier?

Author: `cargo run --package tauri-cli -- dev` gives me:
       Error unable to parse JSON Tauri config file at /hdb/repo/tauri/crates/tauri-cli/templates/tauri.conf.json because expected `,` or `}` at line 7 column 42

I'm adding `--debug` mention.

Reviewer 2: The `-- dev` at the end is equivalent to `cargo tauri dev`, so instead of running it in `crates/tauri-cli/`, run it in `examples/api/`

Anyways, `cargo install` works for me as well

Reviewer: yeah, i sometimes use your approach as well but the --manifest-path flag is so annoying to use 🙃 (i don't use the repo's examples)

### Developing The Node.js CLI (`@tauri-apps/cli`)

> [`@tauri-apps/cli`](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/tree/dev/packages/cli) is a wrapper to `tauri-cli` so most changes should be written on the Rust CLI (see above).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`@tauri-apps/cli`](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/tree/dev/packages/cli) is a small wrapper around `tauri-cli` so most changes should happen in the Rust CLI (see above).
```
not really happy with my wording either tbh so wouldn't mind just going with your version.

### Developing the JS API

> The JS API provides bindings between the developer's JS in the Webview and the builtin Tauri APIs, written in Rust. Its code is located in [/packages/api](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/tree/dev/packages/api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JS API provides bindings between the developer's JS in the Webview and the built-in Tauri APIs, written in Rust. Its code is located in [/packages/api](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/tree/dev/packages/api).
```
